OK, Gene,
the last review question is,
How can Jesus’ death benefit you?
I suppose I should say
that it means forgiveness from my sins,
but God is not going to forgive me.
What makes you feel that way?
I don’t feel; I know.
I made better choices in my business
than I did at home.
Sorry.
Gene,
scroll down to where it says “Explore”
and click under
“Can Jehovah forgive even serious sins?”
OK, got it.
Can you read the second paragraph, please?
Sure.
“Some people have committed gross sins
and wonder
“whether God can forgive them.
“Happily, the Word of God says:
“‘The blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us
“from all  sin.’
“Jehovah willingly forgives even serious sins
if we have a proper, repentant attitude.”
The blood of Jesus cleanses us from all sin.
Through the ransom, Jehovah forgives our sins
—even serious ones—
and he draws us to him.
But, Ron, why should anyone get a free pass?
Because it’s not free.
Do you see the scripture link to Isaiah 1:18?
I see it.
Can you read it, please?
“‘Come, now, and let us set matters straight
between us,’ says Jehovah.
“‘Though your sins are like scarlet,
they will be made as white as snow;
“‘though they are as red as crimson cloth,
they will become like wool.’”
So forgiveness of our sins is possible
if we “set matters straight.”
What do you, Gene,
think that means?
I need to do what’s right.
I’m trying.
Yeah, that’s good.
It also involves how we feel.
We should feel sorry.
I am.
No, that’s a good sign, Gene.
Lastly, let Jehovah help you with the step
that’s the hardest for many of us.
He can help you forgive yourself.
Jesus died for me.
Ron, I think I’m going to need
a little more time to process this.
We all do.
Let’s go ahead and conclude with a prayer,
and we’ll specifically ask Jehovah
to strengthen your faith in the ransom
and his forgiveness.
Later, when you pray,
you can beg him for the same thing.
Thank you.
OK.
Let’s say a prayer.
Jehovah, our heavenly Father . . .